{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red245\green245\blue246;\red156\green155\blue176;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red68\green69\blue86;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;\cssrgb\c67451\c67451\c74510;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c33725\c34510\c41176;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11140\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56395  Hey there, I'm Jainam Shah, your friendly neighborhood data enthusiast and tech explorer! \u55357 \u56960 \cb1 \
\cb3 I'm like a digital Sherlock Holmes, but instead of solving mysteries, I unravel the fascinating world of data. \uc0\u55357 \u56693 \u65039 \u8205 \u9794 \u65039  Whether it's diving deep into the data ocean, deciphering its secrets, or crafting amazing data-driven stories, I'm your go-to data maestro.\cb1 \
\cb3 When I'm not taming the data dragons, you can find me on a never-ending quest for the perfect cup of coffee \uc0\u9749 , pondering the mysteries of the universe \u55356 \u57100 , or occasionally challenging the Matrix with my coding skills. \u55357 \u56507 \cb1 \
\cb3 I've danced with machine learning models, whispered secrets to databases, and even convinced neural networks to see the world through their digital eyes. \uc0\u55358 \u56598 \cb1 \
\cb3 But don't let the tech wizardry fool you; I'm not just 0s and 1s. I'm also a big fan of laughter, so I sprinkle a bit of humor wherever I go. \uc0\u55357 \u56836 \cb1 \
\cb3 So, if you're ready to embark on a data-driven adventure, let's connect! Whether it's crunching numbers, building AI marvels, or just chatting about life's quirks, I'm all ears (well, not literally, I'm more into bits and bytes \uc0\u55358 \u56784 ).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Let's make the tech world a little brighter, one algorithm at a time! \uc0\u55357 \u56491 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec5 \
}